= Overview

This project contains a set of shell scripts for installing and configuring a fresh Ubuntu operating system.
It is assumed that the base Ubuntu install is a _server_ install and not a _client_ install.

This project can serve as a prelude to the {Rails Setup Project}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/rails_setup_template]
should you wish to have a bootstrapped Rails app running on a fresh Ubuntu install with a full server stack.

= Features

* A configurable shell script for applying default settings and installing necessary software packages.

= Requirements

* Ubuntu[http://www.ubuntu.com]

= Setup

Open a terminal window and execute one of the following setup sequences depending on your version preference:

Current Version (stable):

  git clone git://github.com/bkuhlmann/ubuntu.git
  cd ubuntu
  git checkout v0.1.0

Master Version (unstable):

  git clone git://github.com/bkuhlmann/ubuntu.git
  cd ubuntu

Edit the setup.sh file and adjust the settings as you see fit, namely the following variables:

* SERVER_IP
* SERVER_HOSTNAME
* USER_LOGIN
* USER_PASS

You may want to tweak the *.sh files in the scripts folder as well.

= Usage

1. ssh to your server or VM.
2. Switch to the root user.
3. Create the a /root/.ssh/authorized_keys file with your public key.
4. chmod -R 600 /root/.ssh.
5. mkdir /root/ubuntu.
5. scp the files of this project to the /root/ubuntu folder. Example: scp -r * root@10.0.1.50:/root/ubuntu.
6. Run the /root/ubuntu/setup.sh script in the root of this project.
7. Delete the /root/ubuntu folder.
8. Delete the /root/.ssh folder.

= Contributions

Read CONTRIBUTING for details.

= Credits

Developed by {Brooke Kuhlmann}[http://www.redalchemist.com] at {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com]

= License

Copyright (c) 2012 {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com].
Read the LICENSE for details.

= History

Read the CHANGELOG for details.
